they spend only one third of that equivalent of a consumption of urban worker.
So this is the focus of the current government.
So I want to follow up on that.
Actually, this sounds like a very ambitious plan.
When we look at that, there's a mention of in the future, the migrant workers and their families can tap into the basic public services,
basically according to their permanent residence.
In the past, we have seen China trying to push forward the household registration reform, but we've limited success.
So what makes it different this time?
First of all, there's a real intention that they need to stabilize the real estate problem.
And there is sufficient demand if urbanization can continue and rural population can be properly integrated into the formal economy.
But also, I still think that there are challenges because local governments, they operate in their own kind of autonomous sort of way,